hello it's Ruby and Merry Christmas I
hope that you and your family if you do
celebrate Christmas had a wonderful 25th
of December and lead up to Christmas
personally for me I find that they lead
up to Christmas is actually the best bit
and when Christmas Day comes it's
sometimes Oh No the Christmas season is
over I've said it before and I know that
everyone says it and I know it's a very
well-known point but but when it's
Christmas
they're just two so much more kindness
and so much more gratitude and just all
of those things which is so important
for us to recognize and for us to act
with when we approach anything and
everything in the world I think we can
learn a lot from the way that we act at
Christmas and the way that you know and
of us as a community we act at
Christmastime I'm really sad that
Christmas is gone for that reason you
should act with the same spirit of
Christmas all year round but you
definitely see it so much more at
Christmastime and it's really sad
because you wish you could see it will
be around I had a wonderful December and
I'm filming this on Boxing Day and my
Christmas Day was just amazing in my
memory it's the best Christmas Day I've
ever had it just felt so perfect
our Christmas morning was just beautiful
and just being able to be with my family
was so lovely I think I appreciate a lot
more know that I'm at University as
always I do need to give a disclaimer
which is that I'm not trying to show off
in any way in making this video because
I know that Christmas is nothing to do
with gifts nothing at all to do with
gifts as I've said it's just a time of
kindness and gratitude and good well and
for spending time with those that you
love and that's what makes Christmas not
the presents but nonetheless lots of
people wanted to see this video so I
decided to film it and I hope that you
enjoy watching it so the first thing I'm
going to show you is what I received in
my Christmas stocking I love my
Christmas stocking and I've had this for
as long as I can remember
it's from accessorize and it's just
pretty you say what did father Christmas
bring me in my presents
the first thing I received is this body
shop conditioner from in bananas then I
love this I got some powerful feeling
like I wanted purple sealing wax for the
longest time and it'll say came with one
of these spoons I've never actually had
one of these despite having had sealing
wax for a really long time but this
basically helps you to measure the
perfect proportion when you're measuring
out your sealing wax to see all your
lashes lips then I received this little
pin this has just got a little paper
boat on it then I got this little owl
box of Emery boards they're in really
nice patterns this face mask I've never
actually tried a sheet masks I'm really
excited to try that out then I received
this vanilla marshmallow hand cream
again from the body shop then I received
this plaster pink flannel I had a
flannel a bag then I got the drops of
youth body shop liquid peel it's a
facial exfoliator and it's the one I've
used consistently for about two years
now then I received this mini perfume
amethyst balance in jasmine uline young
and violet I can never say line line
line line you like knowing I don't know
and it's got little amethyst while not
an amethyst but it's got a little jam in
the bottom in the bottle as well which
is really nice next I received this
diary from Kat Kidston really really
lovely next I got the learn English
water sleeping mask which is something I
actually asked for my skin gets really
dry so hopefully this will help to stop
my face getting so dry and I got this
plant-based dairy and gluten free
hazelnuts Belgian chocolate the vegan
chocolate here which I very much
appreciate and that's everything in my
Christmas stocking
no it's also this mini bag got some
goodies so in here and this is again
something I've asked for I saw this back
in August and I just fell in love with
the idea of it and just how lovely and
pretty and aesthetic and it was so it's
a brown paper bag lunch bag and it's a
really usable one basically same only
inside it's kinda like a cool bag
and then you can just put your lunch in
there and then it's got a magnet so you
you basically just clip it on and then
you've got this really nice
american-style lunch bag say I really
like that this little decoration it's
just really nice and hooker it's some
cinnamon with some embroidery around the
side and I got a soup on a soup dish and
it's really nice and Christmassy because
it's in the shape of snowflake with lots
of glitter then I got this little tea
bag holder from satin Bell and it just
says tea makes everything better and
lastly I received this little um I dunno
what they're called it's a marker I
guess for the garden because I grow
pumpkins every year say this can go in
my patch so that um people know that I'm
growing pumpkins okay so that's
everything that father Christmas brought
me and now I'm going to show you what I
received for my parents so this year for
my parents I asked for some clothes from
Miss patina which if you don't know it's
a is a really old-fashioned clothing
shop and I just loved their product so
much I asked if I could have some items
from Miss patina this year for Christmas
so the first thing I received was this
top that I'm wearing at the moment I'll
take up the cardigan so you can see
whose the sleeves are so cool then I
received this dress which I actually
wore yesterday on Christmas Day so
pretty it's just this really nice
Victorian style dress and it's quite
long as well I just really really love
it and then the last thing I received
from Miss patina is this necklace it's
got a daisy and a bee on it
and it will focus Daisy and a bee on it
and it's just so pretty the next thing I
received is this which is huge so it's
not just a toastie maker it's also a
waffle maker and a panini iron and there
are just interchangeable plates
I love tasties I love waffles and I love
to ninis thing which her received is
quite crinkled in the packaging sorry
but I received these pajamas they've
just got really nice
owls on and they're actually button-up
pajamas but most of the bus-stop pajamas
were all of the best pajamas I have our
flannel pajamas but these are really
light so I can wear them in the summer
tea these next three things are my
favorite things that I receive
and I'm gonna start by showing you my
very favor of the three things so
basically my parents got this framed for
me when I was seven we went to Australia
which was incredible I lost my favorite
soft toy and this is software I'd had
since I think I was two and I'd never
slept without it since then her name was
me our we basically made a kind of lost
soft white poster and we put it up
around sydney basically you know saying
have you seen this last cat please
return it if you do and my dad got them
photocopies in the hotel yeah it was
just such a beautiful act of kindness on
my dad's part because it did take him a
while to get everything notify and he
really went out of his way to see if we
could find it and found the poster in
the loft so they got it framed
I heard got a friend for me for
Christmas and then the other two things
our photo albums which my parents made
for me so I got this one from my mum
which actually says happy 18th birthday
on because these are photos from this
year so kind of since I've been 18 so
this these six months I've been 18
they're just such loads of photos from
this year yeah I really like this it's
really lovely I'm really thoughtful and
the other one is from my dad and my dad
and I went to Lake Windermere this
August right before a level results day
and it was such a lovely lovely trip it
was so lovely when we were just after
two nights and my dad basically just got
photos printed from the trip in this
book he gave me the map from when we'd
visited and he just kept them so that it
will go together with this photo album
and I really love sentimental gifts so
those three were definitely my favorite
that I received this Christmas so then I
received three books for my parents
the first one is Barack Obama's the
audacity of hope' memoirs then I
received a lyric in turns
what happened memoirs I read how hard
choices and I really loved it so I'm
really really excited to read this one
to you and I
also received this book which is the
beautiful poetry of Donald Trump and
which is supposed to be really funny
I've heard really good things about this
so I can't wait to try it then these
things are more miscellaneous so I
received this a Coraline doll Funko pop
so my mom told me that she'd
accidentally dropped and smashed my
favorite mug and she felt so bad about
her and she didn't tell me until
yesterday but she managed to find a
replacement of the same mug so she
wrapped this up for me for Christmas and
she also got me another mug which is
very very similar but this one is at
night instead so this one is the polar
bears in a snowstorm and this one is the
winter animals at night and this can be
made a mug and this can be my night mug
I asked what pumpkins and just candle
this Christmas and so my mom got me the
paddywhacks pumpkin and spiced artisan
soy wax candle and this smells really
good I know I keep on saying from my mom
and from my dad and things they're
technically from both of my parents my
mom will choose some of my dad will
choose someone so we say that those ones
are from my mom and those ones are from
my dad just avoid you getting confused
so my dad got me this from the white
company it's the it's an orange rind
scent diffuser and the intention is that
since I'm glad to use candles University
I can use this instead and to go along
with that he got me this little um stand
for it then also from my dad I got two
pots with type T so this one is mulled
wine and this one is pumpkin spice I
received loads and loads and loads of
turns of the whole earth organic
sparkling cranberry drink which is my
favorite drink of all time we had it
loads when I was a kid and then they
stopped selling it at a local
supermarket so we didn't have a years
and years and my dad trying to supply
for them so now he gets them for me on
my birthday and Christmas and I love
them everyone in my family loves them so
they got used up very quickly so my mom
got me this Ltd infuser I think there's
definitely a common theme in these
presents
there's lots of tea and this was from
the same shop it was both of them from a
shop in Copenhagen that we visited and I
just mentioned him
I really didn't expect to receive these
but I mentioned in passing how cool
reusable straws were and so my mom
completely surprised me with this fad of
four stainless steel straws and also a
stroke Athena which is very useful so
from my mom I received this searing
microwavable love and a wheat bag which
it's kind of it's in the shape so you
can put it around your neck so I
sometimes get quite bad shoulder pain
really warm and really comforting in the
winter months my mom got me this shine
like the Stars little candle holder this
was the thing at the top of my Christmas
list which is an avocado slicer and
protector which sounds so extra but I
make avocado on toast
so much and this just seems so useful
and then my mom got me these as well
these are LED taillights and they
flicker as well which is so cool so
these are the University since I can't
obviously have real candles it's just so
sad because I love candles I also
received a parent cream trainers from my
dad and I will show you a picture of
these here I just don't have them with
me and then my main present this year
was some headphones and they're really
cool wireless one and I'll show you a
few of these I'm sorry I just don't have
them with me at the moment so now I'm
going to show you what I received from
my sister and my sister was completely
active has offered presents this year
she taught me some really really lovely
and really thoughtful presents so for my
sister I received this coat from Oasis
which is one of my favorite shops I
match I'm just obsessed with this coat I
was not expecting to receive something
like this from Martha and she obviously
knows me very well because this is
totally the kite this is definitely the
kind of thing that I would work and I'm
just excited to start wearing it so my
sister got me this mug which is so so
pretty I love constellations and stars
and anything do with astronomy and
Martha obviously knows that so who she
bought me this really pretty mother then
she got me these bath business little
bath bombs and necklace from accessorize
and we'll just untangled so he's getting
strangled it's got a little compass on
it which is just so pretty
so next she got me this framed have you
seen
wizard kind of wanted posters from Harry
Potter and then she got me these three
books which she got from charity shop
flash maybe but they were such good
finds because they were really
interesting the first one is Eric's
lyrical poems and I think she got this
one meaning for how pretty the volume of
this was and I love old-fashioned books
like this and I love poetry so I'm very
excited to start reading it then she got
me who were you unlock the timeless
secrets of reincarnation quite
interesting from a theological point of
view which is again very thoughtful and
then the last book she taught me is this
murk speeches that changed the world I
have seen this book so many times in
water stains and I really wanted to buy
it but it's really expensive but she
managed to get deserve to tarisha which
is just amazing Jesus Christ so cool
John Wesley just has so many people and
I can't I really can't wait to start
reading this house everything I received
from my immediate family and I'm gonna
show you what I received from my
grandparents
so from my mom's parents I received
three books which I'm really excited
about the first one is actually a
journal from Paper Chase it's a list a
day every day it gives you a new list to
write so kind things I want to do
that's good ones I open on to my
favorite animals snacks I'd have to eat
things I want to stop saving for my most
memorable dreams and then I received
possibly this is all of the books that
has been just tough on my reading list
ever since the moment just started for
it which is of course for coming by
Michelle Obama I'm so excited to read
this book and it's just such a beautiful
book as well I'm looking forward to this
say thank you so much grandma and
granddad and then the last thing they
got for me is this fantastic beasts and
where to find them the illustrated
edition so the illustrations in this
book are just absolutely gorgeous and I
really wanted to get this book for a
couple of years now so I'm so so excited
to actually have it now and I haven't
looked through all of illustrations yet
because I only received it yesterday I'm
really excited to so then these are the
things that I received from my friend
so from our close family friends Sophie
and Emma I received this lacerating
Harry Potter sack which I'm so excited
to start using again then from my friend
Rachel I received this book the Baron
the mighty goat which I've actually
already read then my friend Indira who
is just amazing she's so good with
presents as well she sent me this
beautiful notebook it's just stunning it
really reminds me of a starry night and
lastly from our close friends the
Mortimer's here we see on Christmas Eve
every year I received this at a tea
party for 20 and it's just got festive
t2 classic teeny so from my other
grandparents on my dad's side we were
told that we could pick something on
Amazon that we wanted for Christmas and
so I decided to choose some books and
they have actually come yet but I am
open them but I can tell you the books
that I chose and I chose iBooks really
expensive
I chose secondhand books just just to
point out the books that I chose were
educated the bear election Things Fall
Apart elders elsewhere the mysterious
Benedict society the midnight watch
which is basically about the SS
Californian so it's a fictional
retelling of what happened on that ship
whilst Titanic was sinking and
alice-miranda holds the key
alice-miranda is a very young series so
I think it's aimed at I'd say 9 to 12
year olds but I really like the series
just to relax into and I decided to ask
for one of those books that's everything
that I received her Christmas 2018 and
as I said I'm just so grateful I know
that I've received some beautiful
beautiful presents there's so much
thought that's gone into them and
ultimately I think that's the best kind
of present so um but I they said but I
said as well you know Christmas I know
Christmas isn't about gifts and I think
it would be pretty boring if it were all
about gifts oh it wouldn't have very
much substance it wouldn't have any
substance at all real joy of Christmas
in being able to spend it with those
that you love and putting select time
aside in giving time I think that's way
more powerful than giving gifts so yes
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and I
hope that you and your family had a
wonderful Christmas if you do celebrate
Christmas and if you don't celebrate it
I hope that you had a lovely day
nonetheless if you celebrated if you
celebrate Hanukkah or Kwanzaa then I
hope that these were equally incredible
holidays for you and coming year I just
wished you the very best and I hope that
it is productive